# SNHUMASONVOORHEES
MODULE 8 PORTFOLIO
"Project 3"
**MASON VOORHEES**

  When doing this project I was faced with many issues ib which I learned from first. I needed to prblem solve. I ran into an issue while looping where I would print out too many extralines of code. Problem solving is being able to tackle an issue you are faced with in a organized way. How I did this was useing the debugger. I ran my code line by line to see where these extra lines were being printed out and realized my issue was have the endl command out side of an if statement so it was running everytime my for loop ran. In this project i feel my pros involved me tackling issues well. Normally when I find an issue I find my self searching online for answers. In the project Iw as able to uunderstand what I was doing wrong all by my self. When writing my code I believe using better variable names in the future to be more spacific will help me. I belive in this project I put in more effort with variable names but I need to make that a norm. When writing my program I used stack overflow a lot when running into issues. These issues could be as simple as wondering why I would be getting an error for writing String. Sometimes I forget what I need to include in order to use vectors or strings so I search this up on stackoverflow. I think the main thing that transfers over from this class is understanding the fundamentals of programming. I think going forward learning new languages that I will easily understand them by having the ability to relate it to C++. I made this code readable and sustainable by adding good coding practices. By doing things such as commenting on my code so that when I come back to it later I will be able to read everything and get a bette runderstanding what I am looking at once again.
  
